plugin/forward: added option `failfast_all_unhealthy_upstreams` to return servfail if all upstreams are down (#6999)
miekg/coredns: plugin/forward/README.md

    tls CERT KEY CA
    tls_servername NAME
    policy random|round_robin|sequential

>     health_check DURATION [no_rec] [domain FQDN] [on_fail ONFAIL]

Reviewer: frankly speaking, the new setting is not a health check setting. Also, multiple optional parameters complicate parsing and look cumbersome.
Consider adding a separate option like `trust_health_check` or `dont_try_dead_proxies` or smth like this.

Author: I agree. What about `skip_unhealthy_upstreams` ? I am ok with `dont_try_dead_proxies`. Its just that sometimes negative options tend to cause confusion.

Author: Naming this is getting tricky. I asked genai about it. Let me know if you think anything seems appropriate?

<img width="637" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a64c69db-a269-4791-8bc7-318dcf3a2625" />

<img width="678" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01aa4f37-276c-4dc6-8b2a-76b3fc1ffe51" />

Author: another one `backoff_retrying_dead_proxies`

Reviewer: I know, it's not easy to come up with a good name, I was not able to :)

`skip_unhealthy_upstreams` - I though about this as well, but in fact we normally skip unhealthy upstreams even in existing code if some of them are healthy and another ones are unhealthy. We need to denote the case when ALL upstreams are unhealthy.

From the variants suggested by AI, I like `failfast_all_unhealthy_upstreams`. Lets see what other people think.

Author: For now I have added `failfast_all_unhealthy_upstreams`. I can easily change if we have a better name.

Author: Updated the  description of the PR as well.

    tls CERT KEY CA
    tls_servername NAME
    policy random|round_robin|sequential

>     health_check DURATION [no_rec] [domain FQDN] [on_fail ONFAIL]

Reviewer: please restore this `health_check` option syntax

Author: Fixed

    The flag is default `true`.
  * `domain FQDN` - set the domain name used for health checks to **FQDN**.
    If not configured, the domain name used for health checks is `.`.

>   * `on_fail ONFAIL` - Allowed values for ONFAIL are **servfail** or **spray**. If healthcheck is broken for an upstream the setting servfail would return servfail response to clients and would not contact the upstreams whereas spray would keep health checking the upstreams even if upstreams are failing. It defaults to **spray**.

Reviewer 2: * the description of how spray works is incorrect.  
* health checking always occurs when an upstream is unhealthy, regardless of this setting. 
* this new `on_fail` setting only comes into effect when _all_ upstreams are down, not just any one. 
 
Please use the following description instead:

```suggestion
  * `on_fail ONFAIL` - controls how requests are handled when _all_ upstream servers are unhealthy and unresponsive to health checks. Allowed values for **ONFAIL** are `servfail` and `spray`.  `servfail` will immediately return SERVFAIL responses for all requests. `spray` will instead send requests to a random upstream.  The default behavior is `spray`.
```

Author: reworded the description as per your suggestion

  at least greater than the expected *upstream query rate* * *latency* of the upstream servers.
  As an upper bound for **MAX**, consider that each concurrent query will use about 2kb of memory.
* `next` If the `RCODE` (i.e. `NXDOMAIN`) is returned by the remote then execute the next plugin. If no next plugin is defined, or the next plugin is not a `forward` plugin, this setting is ignored

> * `failfast_all_unhealthy_upstreams` - determines the handling of requests when all upstream servers are unhealthy and unresponsive to health checks. Enabling this option will immediately return SERVFAIL responses for all requests. By default, requests are sent to a random upstream.

Reviewer: please update also syntax definition above (as you did in PR description)

Author: Fixed
